Ximba Radio
-----------

Ximba Radio is a graphical user interface to the OpenXM Daemon.  Together
they provide a user the ability to control an XMPCR USB-connected XM Radio.
Ximba Radio provides all the same basic features that the Windows-based XMPCR 
application provides.

For more information on XMPCR devices, see http://www.xmradio.com/xmpcr/


To Build
----------
./configure
make
make install

Use the --prefix option to specify an installation directory.  By default
the "make install" will install into system directories. If you use the
default or specify some other system directory with --prefix you'll need to
run the "make install" part as the root user.


To Use
------------
First, you need to get a copy of OpenXM from Sourceforge.net:
http://sourceforge.net/projects/xmpcr/

Unless version 2.0 has been released, you'll want to grab the version from
CVS.

You need to read the doc/Install.linux.txt file to learn how to configure 
and start the XMDaemon.  Its not hard, really.  The XMPCR device is USB
connected so most of the configuration has to do with finding where the
device gets configured in the USB system.  Note that XMDaemon does accept
command line options - try "XMDaemon -h" for help with those.  In general,
you need only specify the USB device to use.

When the XMDaemon is running you can start the application:

% ximbaradio

And that's it.  Favorites are saved in a text file - $HOME/.ximbaradiorc.
You can edit that by hand, but using the interface is easier (and safer).
Changes to the Favorites are saved immediately, so if the application
crashes, you won't lose your favorites data.  

Preferences are handled through the Preferences dialog.  You can set the
performance level which determines how channel updates affect the
responsiveness of the application.  

BUGS
----------
There may be a problem with making a selection from a list at the exact
moment that list is being updated.  It may cause a crash.  A potential fix
was added for this, but its not clear if the fix really addresses the
problem.  If the application crashes, just restart it.  

Enjoy!

Michael J. Hammel
mjhammel@graphics-muse.org
www.graphics-muse.com/ximba/ximbaradio.html
